Quickstart Vue.js (#2488)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/quickstarts/quickstart-javascript-vue-web.mdx

            lang="vue"/>

## Authentication

You now have created a basic Vue.js application with a home page and an account page.

Depending on the user's authentication state, the login or logout button should be displayed in the header. For this create a new file `src/components/LogoHeader.vue`:

<RemoteCode url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sonderformat-llc/fusionauth-quickstart-javascript-vue-web/main/complete-application/src/components/LogoHeader.vue"
            lang="vue"/>

Additionally, we want to display different menu items. For this create a new file `src/components/MenuBar.vue`:

<RemoteCode url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sonderformat-llc/fusionauth-quickstart-javascript-vue-web/main/complete-application/src/components/MenuBar.vue"
            lang="jsx"/>

The next step is to tie it all together. Update the `src/App.vue` file to add the router view and header:

<RemoteCode url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sonderformat-llc/fusionauth-quickstart-javascript-vue-web/main/complete-application/src/App.vue"
            lang="vue"/>

And finally we register the routes in `src/router/index.ts`:

> <RemoteCode url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sonderformat-llc/fusionauth-quickstart-javascript-vue-web/main/complete-application/src/router/index.ts"

Reviewer: Dan published the library so we can change the `import` path here :tada:

Author: got updated to @fusionauth/vue-sdk

https://github.com/sonderformat-llc/fusionauth-quickstart-javascript-vue-web/blob/main/complete-application/src/router/index.ts

            lang="typescript"/>

## Running The Application

You can now run the application with the following command:

```shell
npm run dev
```

> You can now open up an incognito window and navigate to http://localhost:5173. You will be greeted with the home page. Login with the user account you created when setting up FusionAuth, and you'll be redirected to the account page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now open up an incognito window and navigate to http://localhost:5173. You will be greeted with the home page. Log in with the user account you created when setting up FusionAuth, and you'll be redirected to the account page.
```

<Aside type="note">

>     The username and password of the `example user` can be found in the <a href="#fusionauthconfig">FusionAuth via Docker</a> section at the top of this article.

Reviewer: Nice :smiley:
